CSE 111 Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

    (This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best
    knowledge at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the
    beginning to the end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and we
    change some of our proposed ideas. This is part of completing any
    project and is fine.  However, we still must write a proposal so
    that our teachers or supervisors know what we intend to do. Please
    answer each of the following questions to the best of your
    knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program?
    The title of my program is "Alarm Clock".

2. What real-world problem will your program address or help to solve?
    The program helpes the user form regular sleeping patterns.
    It also helps to reminder users about important things in their lives.

3. What will you learn from developing this program?
    From the project I hope to learn how to implement tkinter to build 
    a simple GUI for this project. I also will learn how to write codes 
    to test if my program codes are functioning right.

4. What Python modules will your program use?

    (Some examples are: csv, datetime, functools, matplotlib, math,
    pandas, pytest, random, requests, and tkinter.)

    For this project I will be using tkinter, pytest, strftime, datetime,
    pygame, etc. 

5. List the names of functions you will need?

    (Remember that the most reusable functions don't get user input and
    don't print results but instead have parameters and return a result.
    Functions that get user input and print results are important and do
    useful work but are not easily reusable.)

    (Remember also that it's hard to test functions that get user input
    and print results. It's easy to test functions that don't get user
    input and don't print results but instead have parameters and return
    a result. Therefore, you should write most of your program functions
    to have parameters and return a result.)

    I will be needing two major functions for my codes;

    set_alarm function and,
    alarm_clock function. 

    I will also write codes to create the outer features of the alarm 
    clock to visually display how everything looks like. 

6. List the names of the test functions you will write.
    for my test functions I will write two major functions;

    test_set_alarm function and,
    test_alarm_clock function
